# Walmarket

Walmarket is a service that is meant to help customers find farmer’s market quality goods from the comfort of their own home, while also increasing the business of many local farmers. A farmer’s market you can access anytime, anywhere solves many problems with traditional farmer’s markets. Provided stock is available, Walmarket is accessible during the winter months, keeps people with severe food allergies away from those vendors, and saves customers the drive if they live in the city. On top of these benefits, Walmarket can save vast amounts of time; Instead of wandering around a market, you can simply search for what you need on your device.

Customers using Walmarket will experience many options to ease their shopping experience and help them find exactly what they are looking for, as well as the ability to explore new options they may not have previously considered. Customers do not need to make an account with us to purchase items, however an account allows us to provide them with additional services such as specific product recommendations that fit their needs or interests, and tools to ease their ordering process.

Farmers using our service will be able to share with others what products they have produced in a fair environment, where items are advertised based on relevance to the customer, instead of money spent. Sales records will be available to farmers to aid them in tracking which of their products are best performing. To prevent fraud, farmers will be required to create an account with us and undergo a short process to verify that their dealings will be legitimate.

As large industries dominate the market it gets increasingly troublesome for small town farmers to advertise their produce and find people interested in buying. The difficulty of farmers finding customers goes both ways, as many people interested in buying fresh produce do not know where to begin looking; And those who do may not know how to sort through items free from excessive preservatives, genetic modification, unethical pesticides, and other undesirable aspects of mass-produced food. It is important people know what they are eating, and where to find it, for the purpose of health issues, dieting, or protecting the environment from chemicals used on crops.

For Walmarket to be considered a success, we must achieve multiple goals. Our primary goal is for over 50% of farmers using Walmarket to report an increase in produce sales; This will tell us that we have on average decreased the difficulty of finding adequate produce for many buyers. A secondary goal is for every buyer to have interest in at least 10% of all available items; We can estimate this goal to be met if each food group, and other food criteria such as ‘non-harmful pesticide’ contains at least 10% of our total available items. If both goals are met, we can assume that most buyers will have both found a farmer to buy from, and been satisfied with the details of their purchase.
